the head of hamas's political Bureau is
in Ciro in what could signal a new phase
of possible ceasefire negotiations
earlier on Tuesday isma hania met Iran's
foreign minister in Doha it comes after
the Israeli president said he was open
to another humanitarian
pause razi hammed joins us now he is a
member of the Hamas political Bureau
thanks very much for being with us so I
want to ask you first of all uh about
where things are uh with all of these uh
talks that are going on is in in Cairo
as we just mentioned uh and as we
reported earlier there are ongoing
discussions uh between uh Hamas leaders
and their through their intermediaries
in in in Q about the possibility of a of
another ceasefire deal of some kind what
can you tell us about
that okay I think many countries they
are now trying to find an exit for this
dma all of these parts are trapped
Americans Arians and even some sometimes
Arabic countries they are looking for an
exit for a way to find a solution but I
think they are going here and there
north and south east and west some of
them they are trying to uh cheating try
to pip pass but I think our our vision
is very clear we want to stop the
aggression with the war in Gaza and
because I think what is going in the
ground is it is a big catastrophe it's a
holocaust it's mass destruction and
masing of people Mass massacres we want
to stop this this is our priority now
some people looking for a small pause
pause here and there for one week two
weeks three weeks but I think that our
decision is very clear we want to stop
the aggression because I think Israel
will take the the card of the hostages
and after that they will start a new
round of masculine and massacr against
our people I think we will not play this
game I think we want to stop this war
this aggression our people and after
that we are ready to negotiate uh with
the all or the com big compromise for
the diones for the prisoners for the
hostages but the priority we talk with
the Egyptians with the c with different
parts stop the agre in Gaza because what
is going in Gaza is a big shame for the
International Community to keep silent
especially after the discussion in the
general assembly Security Council that
most of countries 99% of the countries
all over the world they want Seas fire
they want to stop the war but I think
United State and Israel and some
countries like United Kingdom they are
participating in the crimes on Gaza
Strip and they still give Israel green
line to continue but I think that we
still have a strong vision and a Clear
Vision to stop the
the the the aggression on Gaza as a
priority for us as Hamas and as
Palestinian people so you're saying at
this point you would not be in favor of
some sort of a of an interim deal
because that's the indic those are the
indications that we are getting right
now is that this this may still be a
possibility look I think that we we we
talk to the all mediators either country
and Egyptians and other even some people
from United Nation some European people
visit us in in Doha and we we talked to
them very clear I think they they
understood our position and they I think
some of them they support this because
they fed up of continuing of the of the
war and aggression and the crimes and
masking on Gaza Strip This catastrophic
human situation in Gaza they want to
stop this and I think we had different
statements issued by United Nation
European communities even some people in
the American Administration they are
asking for the ceasefire but I think now
inside Israel they want and assist to
continue the the the this big crime
against our people and um but I think we
are still strong we are still abide to
our position and we will not change
because I
said first and the end we want to stop
the aggression okay we pay the big price
that's right but I think we are have a
strong energy in order to take the
responsibility to protect our people and
to stop the massacr in gazan I I want to
I want to ask you as well gazi hammed
about another development that's being
reported um and that is there are
reports of Hamas leaders talking with uh
leaders from uh the fat uh Palestinian
faction about what Gaza will look like
at the end uh of this conflict and that
there are ongoing discussions regarding
that is there anything you can tell us
about
that look we are all to to to have
contact with all Palestinian factions we
look the fat has a big organization they
have their hory their existence in
Palestinian Society we call home many
times in order to meet us and to sit
with us in addition to other Palestinian
faction in order to have a clear vision
and a national Vision because I think
that this is very important time in
order to meet together to think together
and to take decision together but I
think the problem they still in the in
the the president of the palestin
authority who still rejected the this
calls from Hamas because I think we are
very interested to meet our brothers in
fat and the Palestinian faction in order
to think how can we deal with the
current situation in Gaz either
politically or the humanitarian aspect
or this
American attempts in order to change
this situation I think it is a time to
have a national decision and a national
decision uh policy but I think U till
now there is no good steps good
initiatives from fat organization in
order to come close to Hamas
organization I said again we are open to
sit with with with him to talk with him
with all palestin faction in order to
first of all as a priority to stop the
aggression and after that we can think
how can we deal the situation either in
the West Bank or Gaza in the in order to
to rearrange the Palestinian home in
order to have one political system one
Palestinian Authority this is I think it
is our interest but I hope and I expect
from our brother in order to show more
positive steps in this direction gazi
hammed appreciate your time thank you